README.md, before:

<!--
**Shidersz/Shidersz** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

__About Me:__

I'm Diego Smania, a computer scientist with solid knowledges on full stack development. Check the projects in which I have made most of my contributions:

- [jeroennoten/Laravel-AdminLTE](https://github.com/jeroennoten/Laravel-AdminLTE) - An [AdminLTE](https://github.com/ColorlibHQ/AdminLTE) integration for the [Laravel](https://laravel.com/) framework.

__Statistics and Development Technologies:__

<!-- Add statistics using anuraghazra/github-readme-stats package -->
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=shidersz&show_icons=true&bg_color=40,000000,4477b2&text_color=ffffff&title_color=fdc271&icon_color=E8BF8B" align="left">

<!-- Add shield badges using https://shields.io/ -->
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Linux-blue?logo=linux&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Windows-blue?logo=windows&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/DBMS-MySQL-blue?logo=mysql&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Html5-blue?logo=html5&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-JavaScript-blue?logo=javascript&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-PHP-blue?logo=php&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fwk-Laravel-blue?logo=laravel&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fwk-Bootstrap-blue?logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fwk-jQuery-blue?logo=jquery&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)

Commit message:

Updare README
Add donations section

README.md, after:

<!--
**Shidersz/Shidersz** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

__About Me:__

I'm Diego Smania, a computer scientist with solid knowledges on full stack development. Check the projects in which I have made most of my contributions:

- [jeroennoten/Laravel-AdminLTE](https://github.com/jeroennoten/Laravel-AdminLTE) - An [AdminLTE](https://github.com/ColorlibHQ/AdminLTE) integration for the [Laravel](https://laravel.com/) framework.

__Donations:__

I live in Argentina, a country with high inflation where it is hard to progress. However, I spend most of my free time helping to open source projects. If you feel comfortable with my contributions, please consider donating to help me upgrade my workstation and maintain my family.

[![](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/donate?hosted_button_id=2TLVPTRE84L5C&source=url)

__Statistics and Development Technologies:__

<!-- Add statistics using anuraghazra/github-readme-stats package -->
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=shidersz&show_icons=true&bg_color=40,000000,4477b2&text_color=ffffff&title_color=fdc271&icon_color=E8BF8B" align="left">

<!-- Add shield badges using https://shields.io/ -->
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Linux-blue?logo=linux&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Windows-blue?logo=windows&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/DBMS-MySQL-blue?logo=mysql&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Html5-blue?logo=html5&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-JavaScript-blue?logo=javascript&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-PHP-blue?logo=php&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fwk-Laravel-blue?logo=laravel&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fwk-Bootstrap-blue?logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fwk-jQuery-blue?logo=jquery&logoColor=white&color=4477b2&style=flat-square)
